>>ROBERT FELIX: Hi.
I'm standing here--
or sitting here,
I guess-- in Kerry Park
overlooking the Puget Sound.
Way in the distance,
about 60 miles away,
if it weren't quite
so cloudy, you'd
be seeing the Olympic Range.
And in the opposite
direction, about 60 miles
in that direction, you'd be
seeing the Cascade Range.
This entire area,
16,000 years ago,
all the way from the Olympic
Range to the Cascade Range,
was buried beneath 3,000
to 4,000 feet of ice.
I mean, I'm talking
about more than a half
a mile of ice straight up,
more than one kilometer of ice
straight up from where
I'm sitting right now.
Hi.
I'm Robert Felix, author of
"Not by Fire but by Ice."
And I'm here to warn
you that the next ice
age could begin any day.
Now I'd like to explain why.
So please stay tuned and
prepare for an amazing episode
of "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe any more.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And of
course, through the magic
of television, here I
am on "Beyond Belief."
And can you imagine
ice a half a mile high?
Just imagine that.
Go outside and just visualize
a half a mile in the sky,
all the way up.
That's huge.
Robert Felix with
us, and his book
is "Not by Fire
but by Ice," which
he believes is an ice
age that has begun.
Robert, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>FELIX: Thank you, George.
I'm sure glad to be here.
>>NOORY: You know, I look
at the cover of this book,
and there's a city there, which
you don't like to talk about,
to scare the living
daylights out of people,
but it looks like Chicago to
me, or something like that.
A half a mile high of ice?
How is that conceivable?
>>FELIX: You know, when
you talk about that city,
I had a geologist from just
north of New York City who
emailed me and complained,
because he said,
you know, the ice was a lot
deeper than what it shows there
on that cover.
It's not New York City.
It's a make-believe city.
But a lot of northern cities
will be covered again.
>>NOORY: Former architect--
how did you get interested
in the possibility
of an ice age?
What did you see?
>>FELIX: It's hard
to explain, really.
I began this in 1991.
I was just going to
write a short article
about what happened
to the dinosaurs.
And at that time, I believed,
like other people did,
that the dinosaurs were
killed by a huge meteor that
probably landed, hit the Earth.
But as I researched that, and
researched it more and more,
I kept hearing about
magnetic reversals.
this layer of iridium.
And then I began to notice other
little allusions to ice ages,
and I just changed my mind about
that as I did the research.
>>NOORY: And as you
changed your mind,
what did you see that has
come to the conclusion
now, that we are
in a mini ice age?
>>FELIX: What I saw,
really, is cycles.
There are just so many
cycles that point this way.
The first little cycle,
I guess you'd call it,
is a solar retrograde cycle.
And that is-- happens
about every 180 years.
And that is when
Saturn and Jupiter
are both in the same
quadrant of the solar system.
And somehow-- well, there was
a couple scientists, Rhodes
Fairbridge and John Sanders,
that wrote about this first.
But they say it tugs on
the sun and actually makes
the sun's orbit change a
little bit, just during--
>>NOORY: Doesn't take much.
>>FELIX: Doesn't take much.
And this is every 180 years.
Well then, double that cycle,
and every 360 years, the Earth
goes into what we
call a little ice sge.
Then you multiply that
cycle by another four,
and every 1440 years, the Earth
goes into a period of cooling.
Then you multiply that
cycle by another eight,
and about every
11,500 years ago, we
go into what is
known as an ice age.
So that cycle has returned
just time and time
and time-- all of those
cycles, time and time
again for millions of years.
And I wish the scientists
who do all this computer
modeling would put those
cycles into their models.
>>NOORY: And what's
the definition
of an ice age, Robert?
Because people have
the misconception
that it's constant, that
you have no summers.
That's not true, is it?
>>FELIX: Oh, no.
That's not true.
And plus, the whole world
is not covered by ice.
All it is during an ice
age, it's not a cold age.
So it's not that much
colder than it is right now.
All it is is a time when
we get more and more snow--
>>NOORY: And it's longer.
>>FELIX: The snow stays longer.
So it's not like
these big glaciers
are going to come grinding
out of the North, or something
like that.
It's just that we get
more and more snow.
And then, we get
a summer when it
doesn't melt, like
right now in Scotland.
There are areas in
Scotland right now,
this year, where last winter's
snow has not yet melted.
And the scientists who
have looked at that,
they call it firn.
>>NOORY: We've had early snow
falls this year in some areas.
>>FELIX: Yes, in many
areas, definitely this year.
And I think that is
an indicator that we
are headed into an
ice age right now.
>>NOORY: So the ice then starts
to accumulate during an ice
age.
Roughly how many feet per
season does it continue to grow?
>>FELIX: Well, during
the last ice age,
it took about 5,000 years
for it to fully build up.
>>NOORY: But it builds up.
>>FELIX: You're talking
a lot, because it
takes 100 feet of snow
in order to compress down
into one foot of ice.
So what we're looking at, and
what I'm expecting to see,
is giant snowstorms, just giant
snow storms, more and more
of them.
>>NOORY: And what happens to us?
Roofs collapse.
You can't travel.
What happens?
>>FELIX: I was doing a
radio interview in Canada,
and one caller called in, and
said, I live in a trailer.
And he says, I'm just going
to get some great big jacks.
And I'm just going to keep
jacking that thing up.
>>NOORY: Go higher and higher.
>>FELIX: But I think two miles
high might be a little bit more
than any jack could handle.
>>NOORY: I think so, too.
And he'd better pray
for a gradual thawing,
so he comes down
slowly, which is also
an interesting question.
How fast does it go away?
>>FELIX: Well, you know, the
last ice age ended in a hurry.
There's one chapter in my
book I called "Noah's Deluge."
But it melted so
fast that there were
giant floods around the world.
And actually the Gulf of
Mexico filled so quickly
that there were some areas
there where-- one scientist, I
don't remember his name, but he
said that the trees were buried
almost overnight
in this briny deep.
And so that filled that quickly.
There was a glacial
Lake Missoula flood.
I don't know if
you've heard of that.
But what happened with
that is a ton of ice
came marching down out of
the North, in that case.
But it was called
the Purcell Lobe.
But it came down out of
Canada, in Idaho and Montana,
right about the border.
And it ended up coming down
and damming up the Clark Fork
River.
And I've been lucky
enough I've been
able to drive that
Ice Age flood route.
So I have a picture.
This Clark Fork
River is a big river.
And it damned that up.
And the water kept
building up, building up,
until the city of what is
now the city of Missoula
was 1,100 feet below the water.
So when I drove through this--
>>NOORY: Covered, totally.
>>FELIX: It was covered.
Oh, yeah.
And when I drove
through Missoula,
I was lucky enough to
talk to some people there.
And they pointed out
to me, up on the hill
where the ancient shoreline was.
And I was able to get
a picture of that.
But you can actually see
the ancient shoreline
from 11,500 years ago.
And then, when the
water got that deep,
it built up the pressure.
It blew out the bottom
of that ice dam.
And a giant flood just raced
down the Columbia River.
There's a place
along there called
Dry Falls, which I was
lucky enough to visit.
But it came down through there.
It went through an area
called the Wallula Gap,
which is a narrowing--
still a half a mile wide.
But it let the water
go through there.
It damned it up.
So it was 800 feet deep
when it went through.
When it went through
Portland, Oregon,
it left much of the gravel
bar that Portland is now
situated on.
Giant floods--
and the same thing
happened, giant floods
at the same time
went down the Saint
Lawrence seaway.
Connecticut River--
150 feet deep.
All of that stuff,
essentially, so yeah,
to answer your question,
it ends in a hurry.
>>NOORY: Some people have talked
about global warming, Robert.
Scientists are saying
global warming.
Whether it's man-made, or not,
that's a different argument
altogether.
How could we be
in a mini-ice age
and still have global warming?
>>FELIX: It doesn't have to do
with being cold, just the more
snow.
Because during the last ice
age, a lot of the United States
was essentially still
about as warm as it is now.
I think Florida was maybe
three or four degrees colder.
I had mentioned, in the opening,
about the Seattle area being
covered with 3,000
to 4,000 feet of ice.
And yet that ice only
extended as far south
as Olympia, Washington.
If you went 150 miles
south of Olympia--
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>FELIX: Well, I guess
they figured temperatures--
they look at the kind of
plants that grew in the area,
and they figured it was about
seven degrees colder than it
is right now.
But Florida, maybe three
or four degrees colder,
down near the equator,
temperatures generally the same
as they as they are now.
So we are not talking
about the whole world
being covered with ice.
Essentially the ice
extended down out
of Canada, covered
Seattle, then it moved up.
So it did not cover
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
Then it essentially
followed the Missouri River,
so that on the north side
of the Missouri River,
there was a 15-- they figure
about a 15-story high cliff
of ice.
But on the south side
of the Missouri River,
people could have lived
quite successfully.
>>NOORY: Would there have
been a migration today,
if this were to happen,
where people would literally
have to move out?
>>FELIX: Oh, I think so--
>>NOORY: To survive?
>>FELIX: --if we get the
warning, unless we get buried.
Because more snow-- I was
doing an interview in Winnipeg,
and somebody said, you
know, it's not that cold.
But again, this doesn't
have to be colder.
All we need is, let's
say, that Winnipeg
gets two feet of snow
a day for 30 days.
>>NOORY: And that's conceivable.
>>FELIX: All of a sudden,
you've got five stories of snow.
>>NOORY: Well, roofs collapse.
You can't--
>>FELIX: You can't land an
airplane to rescue people.
You can't bring in trucks.
The trains can't get through.
>>NOORY: You can't get out.
>>FELIX: You can't get out.
It's over.
So we need to be warned.
And I'm hoping that I
can warn people of this.
>>NOORY: Once you warn
us, what do we do?
>>FELIX: Well, I think--
>>NOORY: The sky is falling.
>>FELIX: One of the things
that I've been warning people
about, at least, is
I'm afraid that we're
going to be fighting
in the streets for food
long before we get
covered by ice.
So I am not selling food.
But I am warning
people that they
should be having
some food available.
Because, well, like
right now, we're
looking at the grain fields
in Canada, and the prairies.
They just had early
rainstorms and early freezes,
and so all of a sudden the wheat
is laying flat on the ground.
And things like that I think
we have to worry about first.
>>NOORY: It is kind
of scary, isn't it?
>>FELIX: It's really scary.
>>NOORY: Yet people don't see it
right under their eyes, Robert.
>>FELIX: No.
Well, we've heard so much
about global warming.
And again I go back, and I
think the global warming,
let's say from '75 until the
year 2000 is probably true.
I don't think it was
caused by humans.
And now it's cooling again.
But so many of us have
been indoctrinated
with this idea of global
warming that we're not
seeing what's happening
in front of us right now.
>>NOORY: Are there
some scientists
will agree with you that, hey,
maybe we're in an ice age.
>>FELIX: Yes, there are.
One of them, Piers Corbyn-- he's
an astrophysicist in London.
And my wife and I were in
London a few years ago.
We were lucky enough
to meet Pierce,
and actually he had us over
at his house for dinner.
>>NOORY: Did he read
"Not by Fire but by Ice?"
>>FELIX: He hadn't before then,
but I'm sure he has by now.
>>NOORY: Did you
give him a copy?
>>FELIX: Oh, yes
I gave him a copy.
Yes.
But he says that we are entering
a little ice age right now.
And this is an
astrophysicist saying that.
Another one that would say that
is Dr. Khabibullo Abdusamatov.
That's a mouthful.
>>NOORY: Great name.
>>FELIX: But anyway, he is an
astrophysicist out of Russia.
And he says that we
are entering, well,
he has been saying
for years that we
were going to be entering a
little ice age by the year
2014.
Well, we're there.
Now Dr. Abdusamatov in addition
to being an astrophysicist,
he's also-- I mean, we're
talking about credibility here.
He's also the head of
the Russian portion
of the International
Space Station.
So he thinks that we're
headed into a little ice age.
Dr. Don Easterbrook, he's a
climate scientist, a geologist.
He says we're headed
into-- I don't
know if he calls it a little ice
age, but 30 years of cooling,
at least.
Climatologist
Cliff Harris-- so I
have a lot of
credible scientists
who are beginning to
look at this this way.
Dr. Tim Ball, he's a--
>>NOORY: I know Tim.
>>FELIX: Yeah, I think
you've had Tim on your show.
But Dr. Tim Ball
was gracious enough,
he came on a radio
program with me.
And again, I don't
know that he's
saying it's a little ice
age, but he's definitely
agreeing that we're
headed into cooler times.
Quite a few scientists.
>>NOORY: Robert, they say that
the glaciers are melting away.
One, is that true?
Two, if it's not
true, then where's
the evidence that
they're coming back up?
>>FELIX: Well, some glaciers
definitely are melting away.
I've been to see some of them,
seen some of the ones in Canada
that are melting away, and
some of the ones on Mount
Rainier that are melting away.
But there's others
that are growing
that we are not hearing about.
A big area is in
the United States.
You know, everything
you read makes it sound
as if all of the glaciers
in the United States
are melting or gone away.
But in California,
on Mount Shasta,
Mount Shasta has seven glaciers.
All seven of those
glaciers have been
growing for at least
the last 50 years.
>>NOORY: And when you say
growing, at what clip?
>>FELIX: You know,
I don't know that.
I just know they're growing.
There's Whitney Glacier
on Mount Rainier--
on Mount Shasta that's
actually growing the fastest.
It's the largest glacier there.
In Washington state, I
imagine everybody remembers
the eruption of
Mount St. Helens.
Well, when Mount St. Helens
erupted, there was a lot of ice
on top of Mount St. Helens.
There were glaciers there.
And of course, that eruption
melted those glaciers,
and all of a sudden, this
huge slurry of mud and ice
and bulldozers--
>>NOORY: Keeps sliding down
>>FELIX: --trees and
everything was going down
the Toutle River.
Well, we don't hear
about this much anymore,
but the glacier in
Mount St. Helens
has been growing ever since.
The glacier in Mount St.
Helens in the caldera
is called Crater Glacier.
It is now a bigger than it
was before the eruption.
But again we don't--
>>NOORY: Nobody
talks about that.
>>FELIX: We don't
hear about that.
But I've talked with geologists
there that are studying it,
and yeah, it's growing.
>>NOORY: Is that an indicator
that there are certain regions,
then, that could be
in this mini ice age?
>>FELIX: I don't
know about that one.
I haven't been there
myself to see it.
I don't know how much of
it's in shadow or not.
But other glaciers are
growing, like on Mount Rainier,
there's the Nisqually Glacier.
It's the most major glacier
probably in the United States,
because the city of Tacoma
gets some of its water supply
from Nisqually.
So they've been measuring it.
Now the bottom of the glacier,
the foot of the glacier,
is receding.
But on top, it's
growing thicker.
And I think it's
just a matter of time
until it starts
going down again.
And in northern
Washington state,
the glaciers on Mount
Shuksan are growing.
Glacier Peak-- they're growing.
Canada-- on Canada's largest
mountain, Mount Logan,
I think it is, the
glaciers are growing there.
Glaciers are growing-- so
not just the United States,
but around the world.
>>NOORY: You believe that sea
levels will sink, not rise.
>>FELIX: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>FELIX: Well, we hear all of
this talk about the rising sea
levels, and they have
risen a little bit.
But in 2010, again you
don't hear about this,
but satellite measurements
show that sea levels in 2010
lowered by just a little bit.
And in 2011, they lowered--
>>NOORY: How can this be?
>>FELIX: Well, doesn't
surprise me at all.
During the last
ice age, sea levels
were actually 350 feet lower
than they are right now.
>>NOORY: That's a big drop.
>>FELIX: It is.
But otherwise, I mean Canada was
covered with two miles of ice.
Where do you get the moisture
to build up those ice
sheets except from the ocean?
So for instance, during the
last ice age, the Bering Strait,
which is only 270 feet
deep, the Bering Strait
was actually above water.
And it created a
giant land bridge.
Actually, Alaska at that
time was twice as big
as it is now, twice
as much land now.
Siberia and Alaska
were connected.
So our ancestors could
have walked across.
They could've walked
across, absolutely.
So I see as we're--
>>NOORY: Or at
least skated across.
>>FELIX: Skated, there you go.
But no, it was dry land.
And the other thing
is, it's interesting,
is that even though
Canada was covered
by one to two miles of
ice, a lot of Alaska
had very-- not much more
ice than they do right now.
I think probably
the Pacific Ocean
kept that a little bit better.
So yeah, our ancestors
could have walked here.
But that's why I think sea
levels are going to go down.
They have to go down.
Because as the ice
builds up on land,
that's where the
water comes from.
I think you've had
people on your show that
talk about areas in
Japan where they found
ancient cities like 100
feet below the water.
I absolutely agree
that that's possible.
Because, yeah, sea levels
were that much lower.
>>NOORY: Incredible mysteries.
Let's talk a little bit
about magnetic reversals.
What do they mean?
>>FELIX: OK, magnetic reversal.
That's a time in the
past when, actually,
when compasses would have
pointed toward the Antarctic
instead of toward the Arctic.
>>NOORY: And this
is happening again.
>>FELIX: This is
happening again.
And it's happened over and
over throughout history.
This is not something new.
And scientists figure
that probably half
of our history, the magnetic
field has been reversed.
>>NOORY: And what's the
significance of that?
>>FELIX: Well, I think
that, as near as I can tell,
I see that magnetic reversals--
and this one I'm more alone.
I'm more hanging
out there this time.
But I see magnetic reversals as
correlating with extinctions.
And I also see
magnetic reversals
as correlating with ice ages.
I'll give the example.
I mean, 11,500
years ago, we went
into a short period
of glaciation.
And that matches
almost perfectly
with what is known as the
Gothenburg magnetic reversal.
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>FELIX: Well, when they
drilled and look at their cores,
they see that there was a
magnetic reversal at about
that time.
Now a lot of the paperwork
that I read, still today, says
the last magnetic reversal
was like 250,000 years ago.
I'll see another one that says
it was a million years ago.
So I'm including what's known
as magnetic excursions, where
the North Pole actually
moves south, and then
went back up sometimes.
It fluctuates.
>>NOORY: Sure.
And does it go all the way down?
>>FELIX: Sometimes it
goes all the way down.
One of the things
that it does, as we
head into a magnetic reversal,
is that the magnetic field
strength declines,
declines, declines.
Now in my book-- and this is
what was known in the 1990s,
but things have come a long way.
But back then scientists
said that our magnetic field
was declining at about the
rate of 5% per century.
So at that rate, they figured
we're headed for another--
>>NOORY: It's a little
faster now, isn't it?
>>FELIX: Now, yeah.
There's a-- and this just
came out in July of 2014.
The European Space
Agency created
a program called Swarm, where
they put three satellites up
that could triangulate.
And they have
discovered that, instead
of declining 5% per century,
our magnetic field strength
is actually declining
5% every decade.
And so--
>>NOORY: That's 10 times faster.
>>FELIX: 10 times faster
than anybody thought.
And they just discovered
that now-- well, in July.
So that gives us an indication--
the Swarm manager believes
that is an indication
that we are now
headed for a magnetic reversal.
>>NOORY: All right, once
we do, what does that mean?
I mean, birds use
magnetism for traveling.
I mean, is everything
going to be upside down?
Are we going to
be all screwed up?
>>FELIX: I don't know.
I don't think the Earth
flips upside down.
>>NOORY: There's
not a physical flip.
>>FELIX: No, I don't think
there's a physical flip.
But the magnetic
north does move south.
>>NOORY: There are some airports
that have made adjustments
to that already because
of GPS tracking, right?
>>FELIX: Yeah, they've
had to make adjustments.
They have signs up
there for the pilots
when they're landing to know
what heading they should have.
And they've had to
change the signs just
in the last five years.
So it is changing.
And I guess ship
captains have to adjust
what they're piloting.
>>NOORY: Something is happening.
>>FELIX: Something is happening.
Absolutely.
And I see all of
these extinctions that
correlate with
magnetic reversals.
I had mentioned the
Gothenburg magnetic reversion,
or excursion.
Well, there was another
magnetic reversal
called Mono Lake
magnetic reversal.
That was 23,000 years ago.
We had a huge glaciation at
that time, a big extinction.
33,500 years ago there was
one called the Lake Mungo
magnetic reversal.
And that correlates
with-- some scientists
say that correlates with the
extension of the neanderthal,
even.
There was Laschamp
magnetic reversal.
There was the Blake.
That was 115,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: And you think
it's all tied to ice ages.
>>FELIX: Oh absolutely.
Because every single one
of these does correlate.
Now there's a
scientist that used
to be with NASA,
Michael Rampino.
And he made studies,
and he said that each
of those catastrophic
glaciations
could have been triggered
by the magnetic reversal.
>>NOORY: Do you think the
core within the planet that
has to do with the magnetic
field slows and then reverses?
Is that what's
causing this reversal?
>>FELIX: No, I don't
know that part.
>>NOORY: Something is.
>>FELIX: Something is.
And what I go for
is something that's
called precession
of the equinoxes.
And this is--
>>NOORY: That's
celestial, right?
>>FELIX: Celestial.
Now, this is not--
this is not mine.
This was discovered
many years ago.
It's called the
Milankovitch cycle.
It's also known as
pacemaker of the ice ages.
Let's see if I can
explain this a little bit.
With precession of the
equinoxes, right now
our axis of rotation,
if you could
put a stick all the
way through the earth--
>>NOORY: We're
tilted it a little.
>>FELIX: Yeah, we're tilted
about 23 and a half degrees.
But the thing is, right now,
is that our axis of rotation
points toward the star
Polaris, toward the North Star.
But a lot of people
don't realize
is that slowly rotates so
that our axis of rotation,
it takes about 26,000
years for axis of--
>>NOORY: For that cycle.
>>FELIX: --rotation.
It goes a way around.
And here's the
other part, though,
is that because our solar
system is also revolving, then
in relation to the solar system,
that takes about 23,000 years.
So 11,500 years
from now, that will
be pointing toward
the star Vega.
11,500 years from then, it'll
be back toward Polaris again.
Well, somehow we
have these ice ages
that correlate with
each end of that orbit.
I don't know.
>>NOORY: That's your barometer.
>>FELIX: I don't
know how it happens.
But somehow it
correlates with that.
And I'm thinking that
there's some flip that
goes on when we're in a
certain alignment with the sun
that all of a sudden
makes it go the other way.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it has
something to do with it.
The big thing is
what's causing it.
Is it the sun that changes
the magnetic poles for us?
I think it has to
do with the core.
Something's going
within the planet.
And it does rotate.
>>FELIX: Yes, it does.
>>NOORY: I think it slows down
and then goes the other way.
>>FELIX: It could.
I don't know.
What I look at is we're living
in an electromagnetic universe.
>>NOORY: Yes, we are.
>>FELIX: And the Earth
is electromagnetic.
The sun is electromagnetic.
And I just think it
all ties together.
There's another thing, though,
that's ties in with the sun
again.
It's called orbital stretch.
And our-- we have ice ages
that correlate with this thing
called orbital stretch.
About every 105,000
years, we have
what's known as a
really major ice age.
Well, what this
orbital stretch is
is that our orbit, the
earth's orbit around the sun,
is not a perfect circle.
It's elliptical.
It stretches.
So sometimes it's
almost a perfect circle.
Sometimes it stretches out to
be more of an elliptical shape.
And that process
of orbital stretch
takes about 105,000 years.
And lo and behold, we
have a major ice age
every 105,000 years.
>>NOORY: And then here we go.
>>FELIX: And the thing is, I've
mentioned the 180-year cycle,
the 360 year, the
1440, the 11,500.
All of these cycles
are due right now.
So I'm saying there's
really no choice.
>>NOORY: Are we doomed?
>>FELIX: Well, we've
lived through other ones.
So no, I don't
think we're doomed.
>>NOORY: But we never had
the kind of technology
that we have today that was
so dependent on environment.
Things could get shut down.
>>FELIX: Well, for instance,
during the little ice age,
literally millions of
people died of starvation,
literally millions.
>>NOORY: Multiply
that times 10 or 100.
>>FELIX: Yes.
But the thing is is
that back then, they
didn't have the kind of
transportation we have now.
So back then they had to
depend on local sources
for their food.
Today we can bring in food
from all over the world,
or the various places can.
Back then, they had no
way of being warned.
>>NOORY: But if
you can't travel--
>>FELIX: If you can't travel--
>>NOORY: You can't do it.
Robert, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
It's called "Not by
Fire but by Ice,"
the ice age that Robert
believes we are in right now.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."